Project: Implementing  cryptographic methods and algorithms on numbers. 
This project was build through javafx software.
It is a simplified cryptographic methods application.
Materials:
1- Power modular calculator: users enter 'g', 'e' and 'p'. The program 
calculate 'g^e mod p'
2- Modular inverse calculator: users enter 'a', 'm'. The program calculate 
'inverse of a mod m'.
3- Diffie Hellman: It gives an overview about diffie hellman. The user enter
 'g', 'p' and his private key. then the program generate private key of Bob
calculating his public key using 'g' and 'p' that the user enter, the program
 display the public key of Bob and the secret key valid for the user and Bob 
to use.
4- RSA: In this application RSA has two modes:
   a) RSA Encryption mode: user enter plaintext, public key 'e', and modulo 'm'.
      The program calculate ciphertext (plaintext ^ e mod m)
      and display the ciphertext.
   b) RSA Decryption mode: user enter Ciphertext and his private key 'd' and mod 
      'm'. The program calculate plaintext (ciphertext ^ d mod m)
5- Elgamal: In this application Elgamal has two modes:
   a) Elgamal Encryption mode: user enter plaintext, mod 'p', and 'g'. The program
      generate a secret key of Bob and calculate the public key and in class 
      cryptomethod there is function ElgamalEnc() that create inside a random 'r' 
      needed to calculate ciphertext 1 (g^r mod p) and also calculate
      ciphertext 2 by generating k (publickey ^ r mod p) then ciphertext 2 
      (k * plaintext mod p).
      Display: public key generated, ciphertext 1, ciphertext 2.
    b) Elgamal Decryption mode: user enter ciphertext 1, ciphertext 2, mod 'p' 
       and his private key. The program first calculate k (c1^private key mod p)
       then find inverse of k mod p k^-1 then using ciphertext 2 and k^-1 we find plaintext (k^-1 * ciphertext 2 mod p).

About class cryptomethods: It is class that have all functions created for cryptographic methods functionality implemented in the application.